Upgrade to NextJS 13 / MDX v2 / Tailwindcss v3 (#723)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: pages/docs/manual/latest/type.mdx

Types are the highlight of ReScript! They are:
- **Strong**. A type can't change into another type. In JavaScript, your variable's type might change when the code runs (aka at runtime). E.g. a `number` variable might change into a `string` sometimes. This is an anti-feature; it makes the code much harder to understand when reading or debugging.
- **Static**. ReScript types are erased after compilation and don't exist at runtime. Never worry about your types dragging down performance. You don't need type info during runtime; we report all the information (especially all the type errors) during compile time. Catch the bugs earlier!

> - **Sound**. This is our biggest differentiator versus many other typed languages that compile to JavaScript. Our type system is guaranteed to **never** be wrong. Most type systems make a guess at the type of a value and show you a type in your editor that's sometime incorrect. We don't do that. We believe that a type system that is sometime incorrect can end up being dangerous due to expectation mismatches.

Reviewer: The original sentence was correct.
```suggestion
- **Sound**. This is our biggest differentiator versus many other typed languages that compile to JavaScript. Our type system is guaranteed to **never** be wrong. Most type systems make a guess at the type of a value and show you a type in your editor that's sometimes incorrect. We don't do that. We believe that a type system that is sometimes incorrect can end up dangerous due to expectation mismatches.
```
